README.md, before:


# hlpl_composer

hlpl_composer is a machine-learning composes and analyzes (graphically) texts based on templates (grammatical structures) and meanings (words synonyms and antonyms). 

## How it works
hlpl_composer starts with an input text to analyse (graphically using distance-order coordinates of the distribution of its letters)and compose (accordingly) new texts using words templates database and words synonym and antonym database.

## Basic Usage: 

### Installation
This package can be installed from [PyPi](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/hlpl_composer) by running:
```
pip install hlpl_composer
```

### Command line: 

To run the sofwtare, on console, execute the command line:
```
hlpl_composer
```
To get the sofwtare version, on console, execute the command line:
```
hlpl_composer version
```

### Resources  
hlpl_composer comes with resources utility databases, used to analyse and compose new texts. These resources can be found in the [hlpl_composer: resource](https://resource.hlpl.net).


**Contributions are welcome! Please make a pull request.**

### HLPL Composers Docs

View the [hlpl_composer](https://docs.hlpl.net) for hlpl_composer on HLPL-Docs.

### Development pattern for contributors

1. [Create a fork](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/) of the [main hlpl_composer repository](https://github.com/hlpl/composer) on GitHub.
2. Make your changes in a branch named something different from `master`, e.g. create a new branch `my-pull-request`.
3. [Create a pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request/).

### License
hlpl_composer is licensed under the [MIT license](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

HLPL Composer Source Code
HLPL Composer Version 1.1.0

README.md, after:

![hlpl_composer: Text Composer in Python](https://hlpl.net/public_files/icon_composer.png)

## hlpl_composer

hlpl_composer is a machine-learning composes and analyzes (graphically) texts based on templates (i.e the grammatical structures) and meanings (i.e. words synonyms and antonyms). 


### How it works

hlpl_composer starts with an input text to analyse (graphically using distance-order coordinates of the distribution of its letters)and compose (accordingly) new texts using words templates and words synonyms-antonyms databases.

### Installation
This package can be installed from [PyPi](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/hlpl_composer) by running:
```
pip install hlpl_composer
```

## Basic Usage: 

The application can be run by executing (on console) the command line:
```
hlpl_composer
```

### Resources  
hlpl_composer comes with resources utility databases, used to analyse and compose new texts. These resources can be found on:
**Link 1:  **[HLPL-Composer Resources](https://hlpl.net/resources).
**Link 2:  **[HLPL-Composer Databases](https://hlpl.net/databases).


**Contributions are welcome! Please make a pull request.**

### Documentation
View the [HLPL-Composer Docs](https://docs.hlpl.net) for hlpl_composer on HLPL-Documentation.

### Development pattern for contributors

1. [Create a fork](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/) of
   the [main hlpl_composer repository](https://github.com/hlpl_composer/hlpl_composer) on GitHub.
2. Make your changes in a branch named something different from `master`, e.g. create
   a new branch `my-pull-request`.
3. [Create a pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request/).

### License
hlpl_composer is licensed under the [MIT license](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
